grafana-init/README.md, before:

grafana-init Dockerfile
=======================

This image runs a script to initialize a Grafana instance with a set of default
resources, like a datasource and JSON dashboards. For more information on the
Monasca project, see [the wiki][1].

Sources: [grafana-init][2] &middot; [Dockerfile][3] &middot; [monasca-docker][4]

Tags
----

Images in this repository are tagged as follows:

 * `latest`: refers to the latest stable point release, e.g. `1.6.0`
 * `1.0.0`, `1.0`, `1`: standard semver tags

Usage
-----

This image requires a running Grafana instance. The [`monasca/grafana`][5] image
is recommended for use with Monasca, but any recent Grafana server should work
(albeit with some minor modifications).

To use with defaults, run:

    docker run --link grafana monasca/grafana-init:latest

The image will connect to a Grafana server at the default address
(`http://grafana:3000/`), create a Monasca datasource, and import several
default dashboards.

Note that this script will not run successfully on a Grafana instance that has
already been initialized.

Configuration
-------------

| Variable           | Default                | Description                     |
|--------------------|------------------------|---------------------------------|
| `LOG_LEVEL`        | `INFO`                 | Logging level, e.g. `DEBUG`     |
| `GRAFANA_URL`      | `http://grafana:3000`  | Location of Grafana server      |
| `GRAFANA_USERNAME` | `mini-mon`             | Agent Keystone username         |
| `GRAFANA_PASSWORD` | `password`             | Agent Keystone password         |
| `GRAFANA_USERS`    | `'[{"user": GRAFANA_USERNAME, "password": GRAFANA_PASSWORD, "email": ""}]'` | Agent Keystone users. Default datasource and dashboard are created for multiple users if this variable is set as proper JSON format. e.g. `'[{"user": "mini-mon", "password": "password", "email": ""}, {"user": "username", "password": "password", "email": ""}]'`. Default value is overwritten by `GRAFANA_USERNAME` and `GRAFANA_PASSWORD`.  **NOTE: Set this variable in String type** |
| `DATASOURCE_TYPE`  | `monasca`              | Agent Keystone user domain      |
| `DATASOURCE_URL`   | `http://monasca:8070/` | Agent Keystone project name     |
| `DATASOURCE_ACCESS_MODE` | `proxy`          | Grafana access mode string      |
| `DASHBOARDS_DIR`   | `/dashboards.d`        | Directory to scan for .json dashboards |

Note that the only datasource type supported at the moment is `monasca`. Other
datasources should be simple to implement as needed by adding logic to
`create_datasource_payload()` in [`grafana.py`][6].

### Custom Dashboards

This image comes with a default set of Monasca-specific dashboards, but these
can be overridden. To do so, mount a directory containing `.json` files to
`/dashboards.d` (path configurable via `DASHBOARDS_DIR`).

The directory will be scanned and each `.json` file will be imported. Files are
sorted before importing, so filenames can be prefixed, e.g. `01-first.json`,
`99-last.json`, to help ensure proper ordering in the Grafana UI,


[1]: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Monasca
[2]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/
[3]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/Dockerfile
[4]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/
[5]: https://hub.docker.com/r/monasca/grafana/
[6]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/grafana.py

Commit message:

Change user org in Grafana

grafana-init/README.md, after:

grafana-init Dockerfile
=======================

This image runs a script to initialize a Grafana instance with a set of default
resources, like a datasource and JSON dashboards. For more information on the
Monasca project, see [the wiki][1].

Sources: [grafana-init][2] &middot; [Dockerfile][3] &middot; [monasca-docker][4]

Tags
----

Images in this repository are tagged as follows:

 * `latest`: refers to the latest stable point release, e.g. `1.6.0`
 * `1.0.0`, `1.0`, `1`: standard semver tags

Usage
-----

This image requires a running Grafana instance. The [`monasca/grafana`][5] image
is recommended for use with Monasca, but any recent Grafana server should work
(albeit with some minor modifications).

To use with defaults, run:

    docker run --link grafana monasca/grafana-init:latest

The image will connect to a Grafana server at the default address
(`http://grafana:3000/`), create a Monasca datasource, and import several
default dashboards.

Note that this script will not run successfully on a Grafana instance that has
already been initialized.

Configuration
-------------

| Variable           | Default                | Description                     |
|--------------------|------------------------|---------------------------------|
| `LOG_LEVEL`        | `INFO`                 | Logging level, e.g. `DEBUG`     |
| `GRAFANA_URL`      | `http://grafana:3000`  | Location of Grafana server      |
| `GRAFANA_USERNAME` | `mini-mon`             | Agent Keystone username         |
| `GRAFANA_PASSWORD` | `password`             | Agent Keystone password         |
| `GRAFANA_USERS`    | `'[{"user": GRAFANA_USERNAME, "password": GRAFANA_PASSWORD, "email": "", "project": "mini-mon", "domain": "Default"}]'` | Agent Keystone users. Read more in [Grafana users](#grafana-users) **NOTE: Set this variable in String type** |
| `DATASOURCE_TYPE`  | `monasca`              | Agent Keystone user domain      |
| `GRAFANA_ADMIN_USERNAME`  | `admin`         | Agent Keystone admin username   |
| `GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD`  | `password`      | Agent Keystone admin username   |
| `DATASOURCE_URL`   | `http://monasca:8070/` | Agent Keystone project name     |
| `DATASOURCE_ACCESS_MODE` | `proxy`          | Grafana access mode string      |
| `DASHBOARDS_DIR`   | `/dashboards.d`        | Directory to scan for .json dashboards |

Note that the only datasource type supported at the moment is `monasca`. Other
datasources should be simple to implement as needed by adding logic to
`create_datasource_payload()` in [`grafana.py`][6].

### Grafana users

`GRAFANA_USERS`

Default data source and dashboard are created for multiple
users if this variable is set as proper JSON format. e.g.
`'[{"user": "mini-mon", "password": "password", "email": ""}, {"user": "username", "password": "password", "email": ""}]'`.
Default value is overwritten by `GRAFANA_USERNAME` and `GRAFANA_PASSWORD`.

`GRAFANA_ADMIN_USERNAME` and `GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD`

Grafan admin user is need to set proper organization for each user.


### Custom Dashboards

This image comes with a default set of Monasca-specific dashboards, but these
can be overridden. To do so, mount a directory containing `.json` files to
`/dashboards.d` (path configurable via `DASHBOARDS_DIR`).

The directory will be scanned and each `.json` file will be imported. Files are
sorted before importing, so filenames can be prefixed, e.g. `01-first.json`,
`99-last.json`, to help ensure proper ordering in the Grafana UI,


[1]: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Monasca
[2]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/
[3]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/Dockerfile
[4]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/
[5]: https://hub.docker.com/r/monasca/grafana/
[6]: https://github.com/hpcloud-mon/monasca-docker/blob/master/grafana-init/grafana.py
